[FIX] account_invoice_report_grouped_by_picking: filter sections and notes (#192)
OCA/account-invoice-reporting: account_invoice_report_grouped_by_picking/readme/ROADMAP.rst

> * As a result of the grouping by pickings we don't support notes and descriptions.
>   Anyway, an invoice with no pickings it should be printed as usual. The problem is
>   that in the current state of the report, we should refactor it to be able to
>   fallback to the regular behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a result of the grouping by pickings, we don't support notes and descriptions.
* Anyways, an invoice with no pickings should be printed as usual. The problem is
  that in the current state of the report, a heavy refactoring is needed to be able to
  fallback to the regular behavior in such case.
```

Author: Changed
